---
title: "Dominik Kottmair - 2023-06-07 10:47:52"
date: 2023-06-07
---

Hello Jack, my name is Dominik and I am doing my masters in engineering. I came across your blog while doing my research for a university project. The project is building a semi automatic wheel truing stand. So for the messuring of lateral errors, I decided to go with a digital dial gauge with USB data output. For the communication, I use Arduino Uno with an ARD U DISK RW Arduino, CH375B to get the connection to dial usb cable. I found a code for the communication between those parts but it doesn´t work. Everytime I connect the dial, the arduino is switching off. I can´t get any connection. Would you be able to help me and tell me how you fixed the communication? It would be awesome if you could help me.

Thank you so much in advance.

Friendly regards Dominik

P.S.: The connections and the code

Connected wires between Arduino and CH375B:

RXD - RX TXD - TX GND - GND 5V - 5V

Code for Arduino:

#include

SoftwareSerial mySerial(10, 11); // RX, TX (Pins for communication with the CH375B module)

void setup() { Serial.begin(9600); // Initialize serial communication with the computer mySerial.begin(9600); // Initialize serial communication with the CH375B module }

void loop() { if (mySerial.available()) { // Check if data is available from the CH375B module char data = mySerial.read(); // Read data from the CH375B module // Process the received data according to your requirements Serial.print("Received data: "); Serial.println(data); } } <!--more--> AUTHOR: Dominik Kottmair AUTHOR EMAIL: Dominik.Kottmair@web.de AUTHOR URL: SUBJECT: \[Project Space\] Contact IP: 87.123.244.4 JSON\_DATA {"1\_Name":"Dominik Kottmair","2\_Email":"Dominik.Kottmair@web.de","3\_Comment":"Hello Jack, \\r\\nmy name is Dominik and I am doing my masters in engineering. I came across your blog while doing my research for a university project. The project is building a semi automatic wheel truing stand. \\r\\nSo for the messuring of lateral errors, I decided to go with a digital dial gauge with USB data output. For the communication, I use Arduino Uno with an ARD U DISK RW Arduino, CH375B to get the connection to dial usb cable. I found a code for the communication between those parts but it doesn\\u00b4t work. Everytime I connect the dial, the arduino is switching off. I can\\u00b4t get any connection. Would you be able to help me and tell me how you fixed the communication? It would be awesome if you could help me. \\r\\n\\r\\nThank you so much in advance.\\r\\n\\r\\nFriendly regards \\r\\nDominik \\r\\n\\r\\nP.S.: The connections and the code \\r\\n\\r\\nConnected wires between Arduino and CH375B: \\r\\n\\r\\nRXD - RX \\r\\nTXD - TX \\r\\nGND - GND \\r\\n5V - 5V \\r\\n\\r\\nCode for Arduino: \\r\\n\\r\\n#include \\r\\n\\r\\nSoftwareSerial mySerial(10, 11); \\/\\/ RX, TX (Pins for communication with the CH375B module)\\r\\n\\r\\nvoid setup() {\\r\\nSerial.begin(9600); \\/\\/ Initialize serial communication with the computer\\r\\nmySerial.begin(9600); \\/\\/ Initialize serial communication with the CH375B module\\r\\n}\\r\\n\\r\\nvoid loop() {\\r\\nif (mySerial.available()) { \\/\\/ Check if data is available from the CH375B module\\r\\nchar data = mySerial.read(); \\/\\/ Read data from the CH375B module\\r\\n\\/\\/ Process the received data according to your requirements\\r\\nSerial.print(\\"Received data: \\");\\r\\nSerial.println(data);\\r\\n}\\r\\n}","email\_marketing\_consent":"","entry\_title":"Contact","entry\_permalink":"https:\\/\\/jackchartres.xyz\\/contact\\/","feedback\_id":"b503fa05708df9fcd182ae7b5f467d1d"}
