---
title: "Sharron Jonson - 2025-04-26 04:44:58"
date: 2025-04-26
---

Hi there, I apologize for using your contact form, but I wasn't sure who the right person was to speak with in your company. We have a patented application that creates Local Area pages that rank on top of Google within weeks, we call it Local Magic. Here is a link to the product page https://www.mrmarketingres.com/local-magic/ . The product leverages technology where these pages are managed dynamically by AI and it is ideal for promoting any type of business that gets customers from Google. Can I share a testimonial from one of our clients in the same industry? I'd prefer to do a short zoom to illustrate their full case study if you have time for it? You can reach me at marketing@mrmarketingres.com or 843-720-7301. And if this isn't a fit please feel free to email me and I'll be sure not to reach out again. Thanks! <!--more--> AUTHOR: Sharron Jonson AUTHOR EMAIL: sharron.jonson@gmail.com AUTHOR URL: SUBJECT: \[Project Space\] Contact IP: 173.239.236.100 JSON\_DATA {"1\_Name":"Sharron Jonson","2\_Email":"sharron.jonson@gmail.com","3\_Comment":"Hi there, I apologize for using your contact form, \\r\\nbut I wasn't sure who the right person was to speak with in your company. \\r\\nWe have a patented application that creates Local Area pages that rank on \\r\\ntop of Google within weeks, we call it Local Magic. Here is a link to the \\r\\nproduct page https:\\/\\/www.mrmarketingres.com\\/local-magic\\/ . The product \\r\\nleverages technology where these pages are managed dynamically by AI and \\r\\nit is ideal for promoting any type of business that gets customers from Google. Can I share a testimonial \\r\\nfrom one of our clients in the same industry? I'd prefer to do a short zoom to \\r\\nillustrate their full case study if you have time for it? \\r\\nYou can reach me at marketing@mrmarketingres.com or 843-720-7301. And if this isn't a fit please feel free to email me and I'll be sure not to reach out again. Thanks!","email\_marketing\_consent":"","entry\_title":"Contact","entry\_permalink":"https:\\/\\/jackchartres.xyz\\/contact\\/","feedback\_id":"9a3598bacf3e8c4a27d4c80568f16f7e"}
