---
title: "Claudine Knight - 2025-04-30 11:06:12"
date: 2025-04-30
---

Hi,

Your brand deserves to stand out, and we’re here to help.

At Global Wide PR, we specialize in connecting businesses with top media platforms to increase visibility and credibility. As a gesture to get started, we’re offering a free article on Digital Journal—a great way to showcase your business to a wider audience.

For those looking to maximize exposure, we can also feature your brand on affiliates of FOX, NBC, CBS, ABC, and 300+ other sites for just $297. These placements can help you build trust and attract new customers.

To take advantage of this opportunity, click the link below to sign up on our site, and we’ll get back to you ASAP: https://bit.ly/wwidepressrelease

Looking forward to helping your brand shine!

Best regards, Claudine Global Wide PR

We understand that you might prefer not to receive our updates. To stop receiving communications from us, please complete the unsubscribe form with your website address: bit. ly/unsubscribemeurl <!--more--> AUTHOR: Claudine Knight AUTHOR EMAIL: info@globalwidepr.com AUTHOR URL: SUBJECT: \[Project Space\] Contact IP: 45.145.129.152 JSON\_DATA {"1\_Name":"Claudine Knight","2\_Email":"info@globalwidepr.com","3\_Comment":"Hi,\\r\\n\\r\\nYour brand deserves to stand out, and we\\u2019re here to help.\\r\\n\\r\\nAt Global Wide PR, we specialize in connecting businesses with top media platforms to increase visibility and credibility. As a gesture to get started, we\\u2019re offering a free article on Digital Journal\\u2014a great way to showcase your business to a wider audience.\\r\\n\\r\\nFor those looking to maximize exposure, we can also feature your brand on affiliates of FOX, NBC, CBS, ABC, and 300+ other sites for just $297. These placements can help you build trust and attract new customers.\\r\\n\\r\\nTo take advantage of this opportunity, click the link below to sign up on our site, and we\\u2019ll get back to you ASAP:\\r\\nhttps:\\/\\/bit.ly\\/wwidepressrelease\\r\\n\\r\\nLooking forward to helping your brand shine!\\r\\n\\r\\nBest regards,\\r\\nClaudine\\r\\nGlobal Wide PR\\r\\n\\r\\n\\r\\nWe understand that you might prefer not to receive our updates. To stop receiving communications from us, please complete the unsubscribe form with your website address: bit. ly\\/unsubscribemeurl","email\_marketing\_consent":"","entry\_title":"Contact","entry\_permalink":"https:\\/\\/jackchartres.xyz\\/contact\\/","feedback\_id":"2d28fdf8da0ef754b76fd9d5acab3402"}
